---
layout: default
category: housing
student: Sarah Collins
---

This project allowed me to obtain a better understanding of civil rights in Harford County. I am originally from Frederick, MD. I moved to Harford County about 3 years ago.  Before moving here and enrolling in this class, I had no understanding of the civil rights history of Harford County. In completing my research, I learned about equal opportunity employment and fair housing.  One of my sources discussed campaign 42, which I had no prior knowledge of. Learning about this campaign was one of the most impactful parts of this project to me. The movement was formed to address social and racial  injustice in Harford County, MD. They also assisted women and minorities whom were interested in serving in the local government. It was heartbreaking to hear that African American history is left out of all history books  and the impact that the lack of knowledge that creates. Campaign 42 aimed at changing that and developed ways to educate the community of Harford County, MD. 

I will be able to use what I learned during the duration of this project and carry that knowledge with me as I work in my career field.  My major is Social Work and I want to specialize in addiction and trauma counseling. Racial injustice’s and intolerance can impact a person’s mental health.  Hardship obtaining certain job’s due to the color of one’s skin unfortunately still happens today. Redlining caused many African American’s to live in poverty in the intercity.  Although it was banned in the 1970s, many families have yet to recover from these effects. Fair housing laws have enabled families to move out of the intercity and into better living environments.  Having the knowledge, I gained during this class and this project will allow me to have a better understanding of the discrimination my clients may be facing.
